wncmCV.md, before:

William Mathewson
=================

email:  wncmathewson@me.com
github: https://github.com/neanias
mobile: +44 (0) 7547 155215

Employment
----------

* **Wordeo Ltd.**

    Intern, October 2013

    - Worked on tagging clips in a large video library

    Technical Intern, November 2013 - January 2014

    - Continued tagging clips, but also helped with error logging and tracking down root causes of errors

    Ruby on Rails Developer, January - July 2014

    - Helped maintain Ruby on Rails backend API
    - Added functionality to Sinatra based tools which are still in use
    - Wrote Ruby scripts to help marketing promote the product

Education
---------

* **University of Edinburgh**

    Computer Science (BSc), September 2014 - present

* **Eton College**

    2008 - 2013

    Grades achieved:

    - Maths, A
    - Biology, B
    - Chemistry, B
    - Physics (AS level), A

Projects
--------

* **[EdinSolar](http://edinsolar.org)**

    Lead Web Developer

    - Leading development of a Ruby on Rails website for Edinburgh University's entry to the
      [World Solar Challenge](http://www.worldsolarchallenge.org/) in 2017.

Skills
------

* Ruby
    - Used Ruby to write an IRC bot using the Cinch framework
* Rails and Sinatra
    - Used Sinatra to make a basic web API at a hackathon
* Python
    - Maintained an API written in Flask at Wordeo
    - Submitted pull requests to some IRC bots to update features
* Git and git-flow workflow
    - Use Git for version control and git-flow as the branching model
* Working in a Scrum team
    - Had daily scrum meetings at Wordeo
    - Followed an Agile development methodology
* Unix command line
    - Worked on linux servers

Interests
---------

- Scottish country dancing (reeling)
- Rock climbing

Commit message:

Add in Cake details and URNU

wncmCV.md, after:

William Mathewson
=================

email:  wncmathewson@me.com
github: https://github.com/neanias
mobile: +44 (0) 7547 155215

Employment
----------

* **Cake Technologies**

    Ruby on Rails Developer, June - July 2015

    - Helped maintain Ruby on Rails backend API

* **Wordeo Ltd.**

    Ruby on Rails Developer, January - July 2014

    - Helped maintain Ruby on Rails backend API
    - Added functionality to Sinatra based tools which are still in use
    - Wrote Ruby scripts to help marketing promote the product

    Technical Intern, November 2013 - January 2014

    - Continued tagging clips, but also helped with error logging and tracking down root causes of errors

    Intern, October 2013

    - Worked on tagging clips in a large video library

Education
---------

* **University of Edinburgh**

    Computer Science (BSc), September 2014 - present

* **Eton College**

    2008 - 2013

    Grades achieved:

    - Maths, A
    - Biology, B
    - Chemistry, B
    - Physics (AS level), A

Responsibilities
----------------

* **Edinburgh University Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Society (CompSoc)**

    Vice President

    - Organise the monthly tech talks which involves contacting companies and individuals
      to come and talk to our members about how/what/why they do.

* **Edinburgh Universities' Royal Naval Unit**

    Officer Cadet

* **[EdinSolar](http://edinsolar.org)**

    Lead Web Developer

    - Leading development of a Ruby on Rails website for Edinburgh University's entry to the
      [World Solar Challenge](http://www.worldsolarchallenge.org/) in 2017.

Skills
------

* Ruby
    - Used Ruby to write an IRC bot using the Cinch framework
* Rails and Sinatra
    - Used Sinatra to make a basic web API at a hackathon
* Python
    - Maintained an API written in Flask at Wordeo
    - Submitted pull requests to some IRC bots to update features
* Git and git-flow workflow
    - Use Git for version control and git-flow as the branching model
* Working in a Scrum team
    - Had daily scrum meetings at Wordeo and Cake
    - Followed an Agile development methodology
* Unix command line
    - Worked on linux servers

Interests
---------

- Scottish country dancing (reeling)
- Rock climbing
